senior political anal Maran bashara he
joins us on Skype from London now and I
don't know if you're listening Maran to
some of what uh Omar was saying but uh I
suppose the calculation on the part of
the Biden Administration now is that
after their strong support for Israel
over the past seven months and tens of
thousands of Palestinian deaths
including women children and civilians
that if this continues it's going to
lose him the election
well look I mean I hate to say it but he
really deserves it I mean he was the
most unreliable
untrustworthy American leaders in a in a
in decades I've never seen and I'm a
student of American uh foreign policy
I've never seen an American
president uh so
shamelessly and
shamefully um supporting uh uh you know
the the the war crimes of a foreign
leaders the way Biden has
uh following on natany footsteps boxing
America behind basically an indicted war
criminal like an a fascist fanatical
government the Israeli
government having done that over so many
months and risking American standing
reputation and interests in the greater
Middle East and so on so forth risking
the accusations of hypocrisy on double
standard and losing at home a whole
generation of Americans alienated by his
policies I mean seriously this is not
leadership this is the absence of
leadership and now as you said in a way
it's a bit too late for him you know to
try to save the day as it were he's not
going to save no day and even the way he
repeats the Israeli proposals I mean
he's what is he a
Salesman a used car salesman why is he
selling an Israeli proposal trying to
make it as if this is Paradise on Earth
it is not Paradise on Earth did you see
in this proposal an end to the
occupation of Gaza the redeployment of
all Israeli soldiers out of Gaza did we
see the end of the siege of Gaza I
haven't and so what what what do you
think because you know the Urgent
thing right now is for there to be a
ceasefire for humanitarian assistance to
be allowed through the land Crossing so
that people can survive they have access
to food water and medicine and those
things but if there is a if Trump gets
back into the White House what then are
the prospects for Palestinians being
allowed to return to their homes
especially in the north of Gaza where we
know Israelis were planning on uh
drawing up plans for settlements
there but honestly uh maram what homes
right return to what homes yeah we've
seen the images yesterday of
Palestinians going back to their homes
in jabalia I honestly you know since the
beginning of the war maybe I should say
since the beginning of my career I've
never seen a sadder more dramatic more
tragic scene than Palestinian women and
children heading back to their destroyed
neighborhoods destroyed homes houses and
so on so forth it was just it was just I
don't know um you know uh incredible uh
the scenery
of uh of the destruction and of people
just going back to basically nothing and
now uh Biden is re promising
reconstruction does anyone really
believe it I mean with Israeli soldiers
deployed outside the populated areas
does anyone really really truly believe
it and will Biden be president in come
January 2025 and Will trump follow I
mean Trump is the transactional
president remember I mean if he does
actually become president again the
Felon come president is he going to
spend any political or financial capital
on Gaza really I mean who who thinks
that and will any Gulf country or
another country spend money on Gaza
while uh the Israeli government calls
the Palestinian Authority terrorist
nazil like and calls Hamas Isis like and
says there will be no Palestinian
leadership in Gaza either Authority
other PA or Hamas I mean which Gulf
country is going to invest in a in such
a Gaza having said all of that maram
having said all of that I understand
that the people on Gaza are suffering so
much that Hamas understands that it must
come to some deal of some sort Netanyahu
also fearsome of building International
pressure at the ICC on the icj feels
that he needs to maybe work out
something and certainly Biden feels too
little too late but he needs to do
something so there might be a momentum
of the desperate right a momentum of
those so desperate for something but to
think that this something will Pro will
will will resolve the problems of Gaza
will resolve the Israeli occupation
apartate in Gaza and in Palestine
absolutely not okay thank you Maran
Bashar joining us there from London
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from aler